so this isn't a game play this is just a
clip from when we played this one team
that had really high gb rank we end up
losing but doesn't matter because we
start laughing because they started
getting pissed off because webber was
using the rpd and basically raping them
but yeah i saw but i suck but sorry my
phone rang but yeah enjoy the reactions
and everything rpd what is a the help
yeah I'm a bear I'm switching sides oh
look at odd you put the next round oh my
god up that was the worst thing I have
no idea Gabi a match that that was bad
I'm sorry his body father's gone to my
veil oh man buried half time
but I get and yet you're not as
embarrassing you talk slow we have this
same connection fucking suck shut up not
even hit you an RPG hit markers so ever
I'm fine skipping yeah okay goodnight 06
the bullocks inform are often given me
new bar but really hey from Europe